“Have you tried turning it off and back on again?”
“I can kill you with my brain.”
“Make it so.”
21 Things You Probably Didn’t Know About Buzzfeed.
42, Duh.
A 7-sided die.
A basement full of sweaty nerds.
A big black hole.
A computer virus that lets you know it’s ion progress with a zany graphic.
A grail-shaped beacon.
A lethal child assassin. 
A marathon D&D session.
A meat popsicle.
A movie so boring even the trees walked.
A mutant whose only power seems to be changing  the TV channels with his brain.
A raccoon with a machine gun.
A robot that looks like a person, but shinier.
A secret identity everybody knows about.
A seemingly endless barrage of virgin jokes.
A small thermal exhaust port only two meters wide.
A switch labeled “more magic”.
A very cunning hat.
A wedding band that all has crossbows for some reason.
A wicked hot young Magneto.
Accidentally polyjuicing yourself into a cat furry.
Acting all smug because you read the books and you know what’s coming.
Aliens that all look like people with different kinds of bumps on their heads.
Almost, but not quite, entirely unlike tea.
An amazingly well-trained phoenix.
An arrow to the knee.
An SPF so high its basically just white paint.
Anakin in the prequels.
Another special edition.
Another stupid vampire movie.
Arguing over the results of a Mythbusters episode.
Bad guys with British accents.
Batbat, a bat that dresses like a bat and has all the powers of a bat.
Before the dark times, before the empire.
Being beheaded in front of your children.
Being certain you and your friends are what keeps the local pizza place in business.
Being completely prepared for several different kinds of zombie apocalypse, but totally unprepared to live in actual daily reality.
Being eyed suspiciously for wearing a black trench coat.
Benedict Cumberbatch, Robert Downy Jr., and Jonny Lee Miller, all in one room.
Big Bada Boom.
Boiled leather.
Breaking the fourth wall.
Bring shocked by the Red Wedding.
Cat 5 cable.
Chewbacca’s barber.
Chewbacca not getting a medal.
Children who solve crimes and fight monsters.
Christina Hendrick’s epic prow.
Clerks 5: We Thought We’d Have Better Jobs by Now.
Clickbait headlines.
Code on a screen in a movie.
Crossing the streams.
Crudely rendered CGI.
CTRL-ALT-DEL.
Cumming out a window.
Defending “The Big Bang Theory”.
Dobby’s sock.
Doing tech support for your parents, forever. 
Dot Matrix.
Excessive Snopes-Linking.
Explosions in space.
Fake binary.
Falling through two perfectly aligned portals forever.
Felicia Day, the Queen of the Nerds.
Festive sombreros.
Fursonas.
Fuzzy little tentacles.
Getting into her Chamber of Secrets, politely.
Global find and replace.
Going to the diner at 2AM.
Going to Tosche Station to pick up some power converters.
Gorram Reavers.
Having more LARP/Renn Faire clothes than regular clothes.
His Noodly Appendage.
Hitting it until it works.
Hodor, Hodor, Hodor Hodor Hodor Hodor.
ID-10/t error.
Land’s sweet ’stache.
Learning to swear in Mandarin Chinese.
Lens flare.
Liquid Schwartz.
Literally biting your tongue to keep yourself from revealing spoilers.
Mercury fulminate.
Midi-f**king-chlorians.
Min/Maxing.
Moisture farmers.
Moool-ti-pass.
mv2
My pretty floral bonnet.
Nathan Fillion’s Twitter feed.
Network Protocols.
Never without my permission.
Nicolas Cage’s face.
Not being shocked by the Red Wedding.
Not seeing the irony in using the word “marathon” for watching a lot of television.
One million likes on Facebook.
Papyrus, or Comic Sans, or both.
Particle Man.
Patrick Stewart’s twitter feed.
Percussive maintenance.
Picard’s Barber.
Pizza the Hutt.
Pon farr.
Preferring the Weird Al version of most songs.
Privacy Settings.
Putting your hood up and pretending you’re a Jedi.
Realizing the Ms. Pac-Man might just be Pac-Man in drag.
Reciting the Litany Against Fear to psych yourself up.
Refusing to watch a movie after Neil deGrasse Tyson has ripped it to pieces.
Reluctantly handing your glasses over to yet another asshole who “just wants to try them on”.
Resenting “The Big Bang Theory”.
Rob Liefeld’s inability to draw feet/people.
Rock/Paper/Scissors.
Sad devotion to an ancient religion.
Sanctimonious Mac Users.
Sexy green aliens.
Sharkboy and Lavagirl.
Snape, Snape, Severus Snape.
Solving for x.
Some badass archery.
Spocks’ brain.
Stop motion animation.
Strange women lying in ponds distributing swords.
Telling the villain you’re onto them, and then expecting nothing bad to happen to you.
That time everyone thought you were the Heir of Slytherin.
The blue canary in the outlet by the light switch.
The blue screen of death.
The Cantina Band.
The Chain of Command.
The commentary track.
The contractors on the second Death Star.
The Cumberbitches.
The Diva Plavalaguna.
The droids you’re looking for.
The entire series on DVD.
The Hawkeye initiative.
The Jedi Code.
The Kessel Run.
The mysterious ticking noise.
The myth of the fake geek girl.
The quadratic equation.
The remarkable number of red-haired women in comic books.
The singularity.
The skill and patience required to paint miniatures.
The song of my people.
The spinning beach ball.
The Throne of Games.
The toxic, plastic smell of burning Vader.
The vast, yawning emptiness of space.
The way Commander Riker gets into chairs.
The Wilhelm scream.
Traveling in single file to hide your numbers.
Triangle Man.
Trying for the Harry Potter look and landing quarely on John Lennon.
Twincest.
Using any reference to “The One Ring” in a romantic way.
Utini!
Vogon poetry.
Waif fu.
Waiting for your Hogwarts acceptance letter.
When Fox cancels your favorite show.
When the cat steals your dice, again.
When the movie is nothing like the book.
Wishing ESPN8 “The Ocho” was real.
Wizard Swears.
Your sudden but inevitable betryal. 
Zoom and enhance.
