“Fan” uproar over a non-white actor being cast in a movie.		
“Never give up. Never surrender.”	
“Put that thing back where it came from or so help me.”	
“Troll the respawn, Jeremy.”	
A bit of red on you.	
A brilliant idea with terrible execution.	
A bum ticker.	
A killer rabbit with nasty, big, pointy teeth.	
A mighty fine shindig.	
A movie with like twelve endings.	
A plethora of piñatas.	
A political argument on Facebook with your friend’s racist aunt.	
A rare, mint condition, first edition Black Lotus card.	
A Starbucks across the street from another Starbucks.	
A story all about how my life got flipped, turned upside down.	
A sweet racecar bed.	
A talking lion that’s really a confusing allegory for Jesus.	
A TV show about computers, written by people who have clearly never used them.	
A very particular set of skills, skills I have acquired over a very long career.	
A zero sum game.	
Abandoning Steampunk after you realize how much it appeals to hipsters.	
All of the bacon and eggs that you have.	
All the updates you need to install on your brand new computer.	
Always Winter and never Christmas.	
An adultier adult.	
An area rug that really ties the room together.	
An easily escapable situation involving an overly elaborate and exotic death.	
An EMF detector made out of an old Walkman.	
An extra 15 seconds of footage that completely changes the tone of the film.	
An inspirational quote on a picture of a sunset or a puppy or something.	
Another endless company meeting about efficiency.	
Another superhero origin story.	
Arguing that chess is a sport.	
Arguing with strangers on the internet.	
Bastard-covered bastards in bastard sauce.	
Being a contributing member of society in some meaningful way.	
Black market beagles.	
Bogey Lowenstein’s party.	
Buying the cheapest thing at Starbucks for the free Wi-Fi.	
Carnies. Circus folk. Nomads, you know. Smell like cabbage. Small hands.	
Causational vs. correlational statistics.	
Celebrating Halloween for the entirety of October.	
Chris Hemsworth’s contractually-obligated shirtless scene.	
Cleverly working your larp skills into your resumé.	
Cloning up some dinosaurs, just for the hell of it.	
Complaining about a movie you haven’t even seen yet.	
Coworkers who reheat fish in the microwave.	
Curves in all the wrong places.	
Data mining.	
Deeply regretting your Google Image Search.	
Deviating from the source material.	
Doing social experiments on your coworkers.	
Emotional time travel movies with a strong female lead.	
Ethics in games journalism.	
Facial hair you can see from behind.	
Gently discouraging your friend from participating in NaNoWriMo.	
Getting all your dating advice from John Hughes movies.	
Going on and on about how much you don’t care about sports.	
Hiding under my desk.	
His Earlier, Darker Materials (You’ve probably never heard of them).	
Hoping senpai will notice me.	
Ignoring Guy Fawkes’ actual goals.	
Internet addiction.	
Joey “Eat Me” Donner.	
Leaving two blue mana untapped just to fuck with your opponent.	
Letting your geek flag fly.	
Literally using the word literally in literally every sentence.	
Little nerd boys named Logan.	
Living full time as a werewolf.	
Lonely nerds who hate feminism.	
MacGyver’s timeless mullet.	
Marchtember Oneteenth.	
Mispronouncing a word because you’ve only ever read it and never heard it said out loud.	
Missing the point entirely.	
Modern interpretations of Shakespeare’s plays.	
My cats’ undivided attention.	
My crippling anxiety disorder.	
My days of not taking you seriously.	
My Precious.	
My second place chess trophy.	
My strong desire to not change out of pajamas in the morning.	
My very favorite gun.	
My weird and feminine limbs.	
Nasty, thieving Hobbitses.	
Paint-covered overalls.	
People never saying “Goodbye” on the phone on TV.	
People who are intolerant of other people’s cultures.	
People who still have an active AOL email address.	
People who still have an active MySpace account.	
People who still spell out “http://www.” when telling you about a website.	
Planet Loser.	
Prepackaged non-conformity.	
Proving you’re the good guys by sending strangers death threats.	
Pushing your glasses up your nose while correcting someone.	
Quasi-futuristic clothing.	
Quentin Tarantino’s creepy obsession with feet.	
Remembering the fifth of November.	
Robots full of blue stuff.	
Running in heels.	
Saying your ferret is an “emotional support animal” so you can bring it into WalMart.	
Serra Angel’s titillating cleavage.	
Sharks with friggin’ laser beams attached to their heads.	
Shrugging off a crippling spinal injury through sheer force of will.	
Six seasons and a movie.	
Snatching defeat from the jaws of victory.	
Sons of Adam and Daughters of Eve.	
Surrounding yourself with as many glowing screens as humanly possible.	
Symbology.	
Tactically ill-conceived lightsabers.	
Taking it back.	
Tapping dat artifact.	
Telling the barista your name is Primrose Everdeen.	
Ten chapters about Hobbits.	
Ten points for Gryffindor!	
Terrifying space monkeys.	
That awkward moment.	
That moment when a character on TV pulls out a Microsoft Surface Tablet.	
That one old dude in karate movies who can kick everyone’s ass.	
That one wall in my apartment that I have to keep painting with human blood.	
The “upgrade” that slows your system to a crawl.	
The 4th fattest town in the U.S.	
The absolute bare minimum of physical exercise.	
The biggest, blackest hole.	
The clumsy girl who is irresistible to billionaires and/or vampires.	
The Cones of Dunshire.	
The crappy town where I’m the hero.	
The Danger Zone!	
The Diet Coke of evil.	
The entire Tri-State Area.	
The Expanded Universe.	
The fake swears shoehorned into R-rated movies when they’re shown on basic cable.	
The Fing-Longer.	
The food that my food eats.	
The gatekeeper.	
The genetic lineage of stormtroopers.	
The greater good.	
The Hashtag Wars.	
The horrifying filth that gets into your keyboard.	
The Internet’s unhealthy obsession with cats.	
The keymaster.	
The messy outdoors, with all of its bugs and sunlight.	
The movie we all want to see: Jurassic Parks and Recreation.	
The new n-word.	
The only female character in the entire story.	
The ordinary guy who turns out to be “The Chosen One”.	
The popular notion that all geniuses have autism.	
The same thing we do every night, try to take over the world.	
The sort of general malaise that only the genius possess and the insane lament.	
The things I say during Mario Kart.	
The unwashed miscreants that go to that school. 	
The velociraptor whisperer. 	
The violence inherent in the system.	
The Watcher.	
The way everything just has a little more authority with an English accent.	
The way people swipe their credit cards in commercials.	
The World’s Tiniest Hat.	
These monkey-fighting snakes on this Monday-to-Friday plane.	
Thinly veiled metaphors.	
Those glasses, and that ponytail.	
To crush your enemies, to see them driven before you, and to hear the lamentations of their women.	
Too many Spider-Men.	
Traveling to an alternate universe and finding out you were the evil one all along.	
Trying to break free from Comcast.	
Trying to get @midnight to notice your tweets.	
Trying to get a friend hooked on a TV show so you can talk to someone about it.	
Turning SafeSearch off.	
Two ex-wives named Tammy.	
Unconvincing stunt doubles.	
Villains in plastic prisons.	
Volunteering as Tribute.	
Waiting for the next series of Sherlock.	
Waiting for the next Song of Ice and Fire book.	
When George R.R. Martin talks about writing anything other than the next Song of Ice and Fire book.	
When people refer to Game of Thrones or Lord of the Rings as “back then”.	
When you find a stranger in the Alps.	
When your robots get all existential on you.	
Whether or not the flaw in the Death Star’s design was deliberate.	
Your cunningly concealed herd of cows.	
Your dim, uncomprehending eyes.	
