“@!#?@! Q*bert.”
“Don’t Panic.”
“Game over, man! Game over!”
“Hail HYDRA.”
“I am Groot.”
A 13-hour clock.
A bigger, blacker hole.
A brain from someone named “Abby Normal”.
A company of lawyers that is somehow more evil than regular lawyers.
A crazy random happenstance.
A demon with a heart of gold.
A fandom tattoo that only other fans will understand.
A female superhero with a strategically appropriate amount of body armor.
A genius, billionaire, playboy philanthropist.
A high-functioning sociopath.
A hundred Tuesdays in a row.
A leaf on the wind.
A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away….
A majestic score by John Williams.
A more wretched hive of scum and villainy.
A nice personality.
A quiver that never, ever runs out of arrows.
A rare first edition.
A sci-fi movie full of supermodels.
A second season of Firefly.
A series of tubes.
A superstitious, cowardly lot.
A Three Wolf Moon t-shirt.
A traditional English trifle.
A TV show that slowly declines in quality until you’re glad to see it go.
A vampire with a soul.
A very groovy mutation.
A very special musical episode.
A wafer-thin mint.
Actually playing Quidditch for real.
Alan Moore’s beard.
All that crazy troll strength.
All the fictional mothers who had to die for the sake of back story and character development.
Altering the timeline.
An ancient book, full of prophecy, about you.
An eight-year-old girl, in the middle of the ghetto, this time of night, with quantum physics books.
An enormous green rage monster.
Another day living over the Hellmouth.
Another S.H.I.E.L.D. helicarrier.
Arguing about how to pronounce GIF.
Authentic frontier gibberish.
Being the smartest person in the room.
Blank.
Brain slugs.
Button mashing.
Casting Magic Missile at the darkness.
Coming home to find the charred remains of your aunt and uncle.
Con plague.
Confidently walking away from an explosion without looking back.
Cross the Ts and for the… lower case Js.
Cruft so complicated it accidentally becomes A.I.
David Bowie’s mooseknuckle.
Deleted scenes.
Doritos and Mountain Dew.
Draculas and Frankensteins.
Emergency saucer separation.
Feeding unruly servants to your pet monster.
Ferocious, spear-wielding teddy bears.
Full of cats.
Gluing some gears on it.
Going viral.
Grown-ass men and women hitting each other with padded swords.
Gwyneth Paltrow’s head.
Handing out free samples of deodorant at Comic-Con.
Having an emotional affair with animated gifs of Tom Hiddleston.
Head pigeons.
Hitting “refresh” just, maybe, one more time.
Huge… tracts of land.
Internal logical consistency.
Joss Whedon one-liners.
Lack of adhesive ducks.
LARPing in a basement, again.
Legless Lego Legolas’ Lego lass.
Luigi’s death stare.
Making it weird.
Mass times acceleration.
Movies that are so bad they go right past good and into bad again.
Mudder’s Milk.
Multiple pairs of goggles.
My wayward son.
NERD RAGE!!!
Netflix pausing mid-binge-watch, just to check if you’re still awake/alive.
Nikola Tesla’s intense love for a pigeon.
No capes!
Not a good enough reason to use the word “penetrate”.
Not the bees! Not the bees!
NPCs that only exist to tell the party where to go.
One-star reviews of Bram Stoker’s Dracula.
Peeling off the plastic.
People who are obsessed with Frozen and really need to just Let It Go.
People who call HTML a “programming language”.
People who think The Onion is a legitimate news organization.
People who walk out of the theater before the credits are over.
Playing Frisbee like the Winter Soldier.
Playing the Macarena on an ocarina.
Playing video games with the windows open, because it’s a nice day.
Plot holes you could drive a truck through.
Pretending you know something about sports.
Princess Leia’s boob tape.
Qualities that other humans find desirable in a sexual partner.
Reading out loud from a Necronomicon.
Realizing that every episode of Star Trek: TNG is just a bunch of committee meetings.
Realizing that Facebook, IM, and texting are your new definition of “human contact”.
Reasons.
Referring to oneself as “oneself”.
Remembering when there were only 151 Pokemon.
Rob Liefeld’s inability to draw -feet- people.
Running away to Mars because you’re sad.
Salting your doors and windows, just in case.
Something that can fit on a single 3.5" floppy disc.
Spaceballs 2: The Search for More Money.
Spam, Spam, Spam, Spam, baked beans, Spam, Spam, Spam, and Spam.
Stalking celebrities via Twitter.
Stan Lee’s love of alliteration.
Subreddits.
Suddenly needing to know the plural of “apocalypse”.
Synthehol.
That ludicrous display last night.
That pushy Microsoft Word paperclip.
The airspeed velocity of an unladen swallow.
The Alien Hidden In The Incubator.
The Amazon reviews for the vibrating Harry Potter Nimbus 2000 Broomstick.
The babe with the power.
The character you hate to love.
The character you love to hate.
The cheerleader who saves the world.
The Christmas episode.
The comments section.
The delicious irony of filling your DVR with episodes of Hoarding: Buried Alive.
The Doom Song.
The evacuation of Earth-That-Was.
The evil you from an alternate universe.
The fake English accents used at Renaissance Faires.
The fine line between fandom and life-destroying obsession.
The frankly ridiculous number of superheroes living in New York City.
The Holy Hand Grenade of Antioch.
The horse is a surprise.
The inevitable hilarious cameo from Stan Lee.
The machine that goes “ping!”
The physical suffering we endure for cosplay.
The questionable hairstyles of Babylon 5.
The RC helicopter kiosk at the mall.
The rebellious clone.
The scene after the credits.
The special features.
The virtual parade of characters who have been in the Batcave.
The way glasses make you look smart instead of blind.
The woefully lax security at Arkham Asylum.
The Yub Nub Song.
Time in a bottle.
Too many villains in the sequel.
Trading on cheap nostalgia.
Trying to eat like a human while wearing a corset.
Trying to explain your LARP weekend to your coworkers.
Trying to find your glasses while blind from lack of glasses.
Understanding the reference.
Using an instagram filter to make your good, expensive camera look like a cheap piece of shit.
Volts divided by amps.
When another movie studio tries to copy Marvel’s success.
When your favorite show kills off your favorite character.
White Wolf’s Noun: The Verbing.
Wishing goblins would kidnap your baby brother.
Yelling at the screen because that’s not how it happened in the book.
Young Earth Creationists.
Your first one-night stand at Comic-Con.
